bed_mesh: Implement adaptive bed mesh (#6461)
Klipper3d/klipper: docs/Bed_Mesh.md

![bedmesh_interpolated](img/bedmesh_faulty_regions.svg)

### Adaptive Meshes

Adaptive bed meshing is a way to speed up the bed mesh generation by only probing
the area of the bed used by the objects being printed. When used, the method will
automatically adjust the mesh parameters based on the area occupied by the defined
print objects.

> 

Author: @kyleisah, I have added this to the documentation in a reworded/reorg'ed form.

@Arksine, I would appreciate a review of the new documentation section from you, as well?

> 

Reviewer: See the review point [here](https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper/pull/6461#discussion_r1462263644).  Hopefully its clear enough, Github doesn't seem to allow suggestions outside of the modified code.  Essentially we just set `self._profile_name = None` right before returning `True` from `set_adaptive_mesh()`.  Then we modify the last line `probe_finalize()` to prevent from sending the `None` value `save_profile()`.

The adapted mesh area will be computed from the area defined by the boundaries of all

> the defined print object so it covers every object, including any margins defined in

Reviewer 2: object -> objects

Author: Done.

> the defined print object so it covers every object, including any margins defined in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the defined print objects so it covers every object, including any margins defined in
```

the configuration. After the area is computed, the number of probe points will be
scaled down based on the ratio of the default mesh area and the adapted mesh area. To
illustrate this consider the following example:

> For a 150mmx150mm bed with `mesh_min` set to `25,25` and `mesh_max` set to `25,25`,

Author: Fixed. Thank you.

the default mesh area is a 100mmx100mm square. An adapted mesh area of `50,50`
means a ratio of `0.5x0.5` between the adapted area and default mesh area.

If the `bed_mesh` configuration specified `probe_count` as `7x7`, the adapted bed

> mesh will use 4x4 probe points (roundUp(7 * 0.5)).

Reviewer 4: `roundUp()` is neither an existing term of art in Klipper's documentation nor the actual name of the function called, so this should probably just be written in English.
```suggestion
mesh will use 4x4 probe points (7 * 0.5 rounded up.)
```

Author: This was intended as pseudo-code but I can change it.

![adaptive_bedmesh](img/adaptive_bed_mesh.svg)
```
[bed_mesh]
speed: 120
horizontal_move_z: 5
mesh_min: 35, 6
mesh_max: 240, 198
probe_count: 5, 3
adaptive_margin: 5
```

- `adaptive_margin` \
  _Default Value: 0_ \
  Margin (in mm) to add around the area of the bed used by the defined objects. The diagram

>   below shows the adapted bed mesh area with a `adaptive_margin` set to 5mm. The adapted mesh

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  below shows the adapted bed mesh area with an `adaptive_margin` of 5mm. The adapted mesh
```

Author: Done.

![adaptive_bedmesh](img/adaptive_bed_mesh.svg)

```
[bed_mesh]
speed: 120
horizontal_move_z: 5
mesh_min: 35, 6
mesh_max: 240, 198
probe_count: 5, 3
adaptive_margin: 5
```

- `adaptive_margin` \
  _Default Value: 0_ \
  Margin (in mm) to add around the area of the bed used by the defined objects. The diagram
  below shows the adapted bed mesh area with an `adaptive_margin` of 5mm. The adapted mesh
  area (area in green) is computed as the used bed area (area in blue) plus the defined margin.

  ![adaptive_bedmesh_margin](img/adaptive_bed_mesh_margin.svg)

By nature, adaptive bed meshes use the objects defined by the Gcode file being printed.
Therefore, it is expected that each Gcode file will generate a mesh that probes a different
area of the print bed. Therefore, adapted bed meshes should not be re-used. The expectation
is that a new mesh will be generated for each print if adaptive meshing is used.

It is also important to consider that adaptive bed meshing is best used on machines that can
normally probe the entire bed and achieve a maximum variance less than or equal to 1 layer
height. Machines with mechanical issues that a full bed mesh normally compensates for may

> have undesirable results when attempting print moves **outside** of probed area. If a full

Reviewer 3: just a small fix here, but otherwise this is all much better than what I wrote, so thank you for that.

> have undesirable results when attempting print moves **outside** of probed area. If a full

Author: Done. Thanks.
